# CS-340
## How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
The biggest parts of creating code that is maintainable, readable, and adaptable is modularity and simplicity. Modular code is more easily transfered and repurposed, making it adaptable. Keeping code simple helps, too, as code that tries to be clever can be difficult to follow. Making sure to stick to industry best practices also helps maintain readablility. This module can be adapted to other databases in the future.
## How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
Analyzing the client's request and planning out what the software needs before diving into coding is how I started this project and many others. That strategy has served me well in my assignments. Planning things out beforehand makes building the code far less stressful and helps me build strong and easy to follow code. A problem I know I need to work on is asking for help when I am stuck. I am a proud person who dislikes being wrong, but I need to be better about admitting that and listening to others who know more than me.
## What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
Computer scientist create software for clients by taking their request, analying it, and creating and testing a deliverable for them. Creating modules of easy to read code is helpful for companies like Grazioso Salvare, as the modules can be easily understood, added, removed, or replaced, which is more efficient for a company than using code that is not modular.
